📖  Add clusterclass contract changes to v1alpha3-v1alpha4 conversion guide (#5366)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/book/src/developer/providers/v1alpha3-to-v1alpha4.md

- `spec.infrastructureTemplate` has been moved to `spec.machineTemplate.infrastructureRef`. Thus, cluster templates which include `KubeadmControlPlane`
have to be adjusted accordingly.
- `spec.nodeDrainTimeout` has been moved to `spec.machineTemplate.nodeDrainTimeout`.

## Required spec and status fields for Control Planes using 'version' for ClusterClass support
ControlPlane implementations using version must now [include a 'version' field as defined below in both its spec and its status](../architecture/controllers/control-plane.md#required-spec-fields-for-implementations-using-version).

>  `version` - is a string representing the Kubernetes version to be used

Reviewer: Maybe it's better to drop the duplicate definition here as `.status.version` is defined differently

Author: Thanks for pointing that out! I've updated with a separate definition for each field which should be useful to someone consuming these docs I think.

- `spec.infrastructureTemplate` has been moved to `spec.machineTemplate.infrastructureRef`. Thus, cluster templates which include `KubeadmControlPlane`
have to be adjusted accordingly.
- `spec.nodeDrainTimeout` has been moved to `spec.machineTemplate.nodeDrainTimeout`.

## Required spec and status fields for Control Planes using 'version' for ClusterClass support
ControlPlane implementations using version must now [include a 'version' field as defined below in both its spec and its status](../architecture/controllers/control-plane.md#required-spec-fields-for-implementations-using-version).

 `spec.version` - is a string representing the Kubernetes version to be used
  by the control plane machines. The value must be a valid semantic version;
  also if the value provided by the user does not start with the v prefix, it
  must be added.

`status.version` - is a string representing the minimum Kubernetes version for the control plane machines in the cluster.

> These fields are a requirement for ClusterClass compatibility.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please note that implementing those field is a requirement for a control plane provider to be used with ClusterClass and managed topologies.
```

## Required spec fields for Control Planes using 'Machines' for ClusterClass support
ControlPlane implementations that use an underlying MachineInfrastructure must now [include a 'machineTemplate' as defined below, with subordinate fields, in its Spec.](../architecture/controllers/control-plane.md#required-spec-fields-for-implementations-using-machines)

 `machineTemplate` - is a struct containing details of the control plane
  machine template.

> This field is a requirement for ClusterClass compatibility.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please note that implementing those field for control plane providers using machines is a requirement for ClusterClass and managed topologies to work consistently across all the providers.
```
